[Music]
just sit open please I heard you won
your ship playing cards it's true
fastest in the galaxy but my ship isn't
for everyone
on May 25th you got what it takes
there's only one way to find that
well we'll go ahead slow down my will
quit while you're ahead I want to quit
while you're behind
so what's your name anyway
hey kid it's a big shot gangster he's
putting together crew do you think
everything sounds like a bad idea what
are you doing with herring the boy we
need a ship the Millennium Falcon
every ship isn't for everyone Jimmy it's
a particular type of pilot gun flatting
might wanna buckle up baby
these people not your friend
there's a lesson to be learned here
[Music]
why not what is it something else
on solo Lando Calrissian oh is that a
wookie may 25th
if you come with us
you're in this lecture good
you in the Star Wars universe that we
see in solo it was different from
anything else that we've seen in a
previous Star Wars movies the Empire
controls everything everyone is
struggling to survive but we discovered
this incredibly free spirit
we're meeting Han right before he
becomes the Han that we know
[Music]
you end up getting to see how this guy
got to be the way he is
it's all part of this great expansion of
the Han Solo world it's a rite of
passage he looked at the tests he needs
to face the challenges he asked to
endure to become a soul
those first encounters with Chewbacca
you're gonna need a nickname cuz I ain't
saying that every time with the
Millennium Falcon
with Lando Calrissian did you win your
ship playing cards I like this kid
they're in this movie I'm a driver a
great pilot
he's the most exciting character in the
saga for me you don't know what he's
gonna do I'm a terrible person he's
reckless because these stupid things
that should never work and they do and
he does it with bravado
[Music]
your name so you want to make a
difference yeah trust me you're gonna
love it and which branch are you
interested in joining
I've got their pilot best in the galaxy
I'm a driver and I'm a flier
I've been running scams on the streets
since I was 10
[Music]
he's kicked out of flight Academy
for having a mind of my own
you're after something is it revenge
that might be the only person
who knows
what you really are
[Music]
what's that you look good
little rough around the edges but good
hey kid
heard about a job big shot gangster
putting together crew the waited a long
time for a shot like this
you win that's it
if you come with us you're in this life
for good you got a line on a ship
yeah no guy
[Music]
he's if I smuggle around I heard a story
about you I was wondering if it's true
everything you've heard about me it's
true or do you think well what do you
know l-3 let's go with the mean man's
face with these guys what is it
something else might wanna buckle up
baby
get ready now we're in trouble there for
a second but it's fine we're fine
[Music]
let me give you some advice
assume everyone will betray you and
you'll never be disappointed I got a
really good feeling about this
when do you know how to fly a hundred
and ninety years old feel great
[Music]
a Donald Glover and this is the
Millennium Falcon
come on let me show you around these are
the living quarters one of my favorite
places on the ship
everything's patent leather we got the
sound system it's pretty great you don't
want to touch any of this up here we
have the guest quarters
pretty awesome space over here we have
one of my favorite places on the ship
food and coffee bar make you a drink if
you want
you know mmm this ship has probably
never looked better than when Lando kind
of had it then oh what a magic happens
we got everything here was pillows are
made from actual kagayaki that's not
easy to get listen some tunes if I want
to but I think the coolest part of this
entire ship is in here with the caper I
got every cake okay I got an everyday
Cape sister's wedding Cape integral
lactic Presidents Day cake this is just
if someone gets cold okay I got
everything you could probably ever ask
for in here
and here is the cockpit there we are
in the cockpit you made it over here we
have the sliders light-up buttons but I
think the coolest part of the ship has
to be the hyperdrive and you get an I
Drive like this
I never get tired of that
[Music]